{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 American Capitalism and the Plantations
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
1. 
\f2\i Where does the United States rank today regarding wealth inequality, unionization and firing? How are these issues interconnected? Is there anything that surprised you about how wealth was distributed by the eve of the Civil War? How can our country\'92s history help us understand this inequity?\

\f1\i0 \
	Currently, the United states has a large amount of wealth inequality with a small percentage of people holding a small amount of wealth. Also only 10% of our workers are part of unions compared to other countries with up to 90% and others with around 25%. These issues are related as it is difficult to raise complaints to your boss if you are not part of a union and the fact that it is made very easy for your boss to fire you exacerbates this problem. I was not very surprised on how wealth was distributed as farming as a business has a very high gross income but very high expenses so using slave labor to ignore most of the expense of farming likely means that it was very profitable. Although I understand why many of these plantation were profitable, I still find it very surprising that no other forms of income had a similar concentration of wealth. The roots of these problems can trace back to plantation slavery as they are the roots of the wealth inequality in America due to the fact that wealth is hereditary. Also the loose regulation around firing is due to the fact that this country was built on slave labor not paid labor, meaning that strict laws were never very necessary until post civil war.\
\
2. 
\f2\i After the invention of the cotton gin planters could clean as much cotton as they could grow. This heightened the demand for land. As a policy, how did the U.S. address this demand and what were the impacts both in terms of wealth inequality, the environment and the macro U.S. economy?
\f1\i0 \
\
	To address the new demand for land in the US after plantation owners being able to clean large amount of cotton, the US government responded by invading Indian land and selling it for extremely cheap. The use of the military to create this new influx of land lead to an increase of wealth by people who use land to generate income, the main example being plantation owners. This also lead to an increase in an other facet of the economy which was slave trade. This meant that that wealth inequality became worse in the us as more slaves became necessary to drive the American \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 economy\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  lading to the people who took part in the businesses gained large amounts of wealth. Wealth in the north may have increase from the practice of land speculation.\
\

\f2\i 3. According to Professor Desmond, what contributions to modern business practices can we trace back to slave plantations? What impact did these practices have on cotton production in America by the Civil War?
\f1\i0 \
\
	We can trace modern record keeping back to the slave plantations. This record keeping practice allowed \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 plantation\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  owners to observe trends in their workers allowing them to see who was not working as hard ass others. This allowed them to increase production which was always the focus of these practices. This is reflected in the modern day as quantity is favored over quality as stated previously in the article.\
\
4. 
\f2\i What was the other major way cotton production was increased during this same time period? Which do you think was more effective at increasing cotton production and why do you think that?
\f1\i0 \
\
	The other way that cotton production was increased was the use of physical abuse. This was be a more a more affective way of increasing cotton production as the threat of punishment as much more threatening than the threat of someone using spreadsheets to get more out of the work you do. In addition, the pain brought by a beating was not temporary and the pain could last for days meaning that falling short of the imposed quota would lead to days of more difficult work due to the pain.\
\
5. 
\f2\i (pg. 36 to pg. 38...stop where it says, \'93We know how...) What was the precursor to the home mortgage in the American financial system? What impact did the ability to borrow against your human property have on the American economy? What impact did it have on the international economy? (Hint: What actually owned Jefferson\'92s slaves/What actually purchased the Louisiana Purchase?)
\f1\i0 \
\
	The precursor to a home mortgage in the American financial system is a home and a source of income as when a bank gives you money they need insurance that you have a way to pay it back and a guarantee if you don't. The ability to borrow using human property was on the American economy was that they could function as both the guarantee and your source of income. This meant that they would have a lot more leverage in an exchange as they were not only worth value but could gain value as a slave worker. This increased value lead to America having a large amount of power in these types of financial exchanges allowing it to make large purchases like the Louisiana purchase. This also had and impact on the international economy as if a country offers to salves as a form of wealth slavery has to be legal in your country, created an interesting dilemma.\
\
\
6. (pg. 38 to pg. 40) By the 1830\'92s, what was the problem in the United States with the cotton industry? Why was this not just a Southern problem but also a Northern and even international problem? How might these problems make good arguments for causing the Civil War? (When the Southern states seceded, they were in essence declaring bankruptcy...i.e. saying they were not going to pay back all the debt they owed) \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
}